BREW
Without change there is no innovation, creativity, or incentive for improvement. Those who initiate change will have a better opportunity to manage the change that is inevitable. - William Pollard
Changes call for innovation, and innovation leads to progress. - Li Keqiang
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow. - William Pollard
Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation. - Dean Kamen
For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction, conflict, argument, debate. - Margaret Heffernan
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period. - Brene Brown
You have to have a big vision and take very small steps to get there. You have to be humble as you execute but visionary and gigantic in terms of your aspiration. In the Internet industry, it's not about grand innovation, it's about a lot of little innovations: every day, every week, every month, making something a little bit better. - Jason Calacanis
Once you have an innovation culture, even those who are not scientists or engineers - poets, actors, journalists - they, as communities, embrace the meaning of what it is to be scientifically literate. They embrace the concept of an innovation culture. They vote in ways that promote it. They don't fight science and they don't fight technology. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse. - Winston Churchill
The only way you survive is you continuously transform into something else. It's this idea of continuous transformation that makes you an innovation company. - Ginni Rometty
I believe in tradition and innovation, authenticity and passion. - Jose Andres
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication. - Harold S. Geneen
Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship. The act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth. - Peter Drucker
I want to put a ding in the universe. - Steve Jobs
Ideas won't keep. Something must be done about them. - Alfred North Whitehead
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next. - Jonas Salk
If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong. - Charles Kettering
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. - Helen Keller
You can't solve a problem on the same level that it was created. You have to rise above it to the next level. - Albert Einstein
Do not fear mistakes. There are none. - Miles Davis
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect, but by the play instinct arising from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the object it loves. - Carl Jung
There is only one thing stronger than all the armies of the world: and that is an idea whose time has come. - Victor Hugo
If you lose the power to laugh, you lose the power to think. - Clarence Darrow
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. - John Steinbeck
To accomplish great things we must dream as well as act. - Anatole France
It is the essence of genius to make use of the simplest ideas. - Charles Peguy
There's no good idea that cannot be improved on. - Michael Eisner
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are. - Anais Nin
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. - Thomas Edison
The best vision is insight. - Malcolm Forbes
Genius is infinite painstaking. - Michelangelo
Nothing will change the fact that I cannot produce the least thing without absolute solitude. - Goethe
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence, nor imagination, nor both together, go to the making of genius. Love, Love, Love. That is the soul of genius. - Mozart
Swipe from the best, then adapt. - Tom Peters
Give me the young man who has brains enough to make a fool of himself. - Robert Louis Stevenson
You can expect no influence if you are not susceptible to influence. - Carl Jung
Whether or not you can observe a thing depends upon the theory you use. It is the theory which decides what can be observed. - Albert Einstein
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. - Goethe
Sit, walk, or run, but don't wobble. - Zen proverb
The greater the contrast, the greater the potential. Great energy only comes from a correspondingly great tension of opposites. - Carl Jung
We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish. - John Culkin
I will act as if what I do will make a difference. - William James
There is no such thing as a long piece of work, except one that you dare not start. - Charles Baudelaire
What is now proved was once only imagined. - William Blake
Remember, a dead fish can float down a stream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream. - W.C. Fields
99 percent of success is built on failure. - Charles Kettering
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. - Abraham Maslow
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts. - Albert Einstein
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The ultimate creative thinking technique is to think like God. If you're an atheist, pretend how God would do it. - Frank Lloyd Wright
I start where the last man left off. - Thomas Edison
Never confuse motion with action. - Ernest Hemingway
The greatest invention in the world is the mind of a child. - Thomas Edison
No matter how well you perform, there's always somebody of intelligent opinion who thinks it's lousy. - Sir Laurence Olivier
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I'll play it first and tell you what it is later. - Miles Davis
The way to get good ideas is to get lots of ideas and throw the bad ones away. - Linus Pauling
Discovery is seeing what everybody else has seen, and thinking what nobody else has thought. - Albert Szent-Gyorgi
A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock pile when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind."- Antoine Saint-Exupery
Without a deadline, baby, I wouldn't do nothing. - Duke Ellington
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Gretzky
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities; in the expert's mind there are few. - Shunryu Suzuki
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. - General George Patton
The man with a new idea is a crank - until the idea succeeds. - Mark Twain
A problem well stated is a problem half solved. - Charles Kettering
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil. - Thomas Edison
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. - David Lloyd George
The silly question is the first intimation of some totally new development. - Alfred North Whitehead
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is a visible labor and there is an invisible labor. - Victor Hugo
Money never starts an idea; it is the idea that starts the money. - William J. Cameron
Systems die; instincts remain. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
You will never find the time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. - Charles Burton
Whenever anything is being accomplished, it is being done, I have learned, by a monomaniac with a mission. - Peter Drucker
One of the illusions of life is that the present hour is not the critical, decisive one. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The lightning spark of thought generated in the solitary mind awakens its likeness in another mind. - Thomas Carlyle
I failed my way to success. - Thomas Edison
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
The way to succeed is to double your failure rate. - Thomas Watson, (Founder of IBM)
Innovation opportunities do not come with the tempest but with the rustling of the breeze. - Peter Drucker
The enterprise that does not innovate ages and declines. And in a period of rapid change such as the present, the decline will be fast. - Peter Drucker
You can only be as good as you dare to be bad. - John Barrymore
No idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered. - Winston Churchill
Conclusions arrived at through reasoning have very little or no influence in altering the course of our lives. - Carlos Casteneda
After years of telling corporate citizens to 'trust the system,' many companies must relearn instead to trust their people - and encourage their people to use neglected creative capacities in order to tap the most potent economic stimulus of all: idea power. - Rosabeth Moss Kanter
If the creator has a purpose in equipping us with a neck, he surely would have meant for us to stick it out. - Arthur Koestler
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself. - Rollo May
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have. - Emile Chartier
There's always an element of chance and you must be willing to live with that element. If you insist on certainty, you will paralyze yourself. - J.P. Getty
Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are just produced. - A.N. Whitehead
Our best ideas come from clerks and stockboys. - Sam Walton
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Every act of creation is, first of all, an act of destruction. - Pablo Picasso
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. - Groucho Marx
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Genius, in truth, means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way. - William James
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Alan Kay
If you go to your grave without painting your masterpiece, it will not get painted. No one else can paint it. - Gordon MacKenzie
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
There is a vitality, a life force, that is translated to you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium, and will be lost. - Martha Graham
We have approximately 60,000 thoughts in a day. Unfortunately, 95% of them are thoughts we had the day before. - Deepak Chopra
Confusion is a word we have invented for an order that is not yet understood. - Henry Miller
I refuse to be intimidated by reality anymore. What is reality? Nothing but a collective hunch. - Lily Tomlin
Now that we have met with paradox we have some hope of making progress. - Niels Bohr
Microsoft is always two years away from failure. - Bill Gates
We've reached the end of incrementalism. Only those companies that are capable of creating industry revolutions will prosper in the new economy. - Gary Hamel
If I have a thousand ideas and only one turns out to be good, I am satisfied. - Alfred Noble
I've been doing a lot of abstract painting lately, extremely abstract. No brush, no paint, no canvas, I just think about it. - Steven Wright
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. - Steve Jobs
I am looking for a lot of people who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done. - Henry Ford
You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere. - Lee Iacocca
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones. - John Cage